Improve README (#30)
makinacorpus/mapbox-gl-path: README.md

# Mapbox-gl-path

_Mapbox-gl-path_ allows you to create paths on a map with or without the help of various directions APIs.  
It requires [Mapbox-gl-js](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-js) (or [Maplibre-gl-js](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-js)) as a dependency.

## Quick start

### Installation

Install _Mapbox-gl-path_ with your package manager (_npm_ is used in this example):

```bash
npm install @makina-corpus/mapbox-gl-path
```

### Usage in your application

> #### When using modules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### How to import dependencies
```

```ts
interface DirectionsThemeResponse {
  coordinates: number[][];
  waypoints: Waypoints | undefined;
}

interface Waypoints {
  departure: number[];
  arrival: number[];
}
```

#### `featureCollection` - GeoJSON.FeatureCollection<GeoJSON.Geometry> | undefined

The `featureCollection` includes features that can be of type `Point` or `Linestring`.  
A `Linestring` can be a line between points or a phantom junction line (the latter must have a `isPhantomJunction` properties equal to `true`).

#### `layersCustomisation` - LayersCustomisation | undefined

`layersCustomisation` parameter allows to define an infinite number of layers for each `Point` or `Linestring` in order to easily style them.

```ts
interface LayersCustomisation {
  lineLayerList: LayerCustomisation[];
  phantomJunctionLineLayerList: LayerCustomisation[];
  pointLayerList: LayerCustomisation[];
}

interface LayerCustomisation {
  id: string | undefined;
  layout: AnyLayout;
  paint: AnyPaint;
  type: string | undefined;
}
```

#### `lineString` - GeoJSON.Feature<LineString> | undefined

Like `featureCollection` parameter, it draws the lineString on the map.  

> If the lineString does not contains `path` and `point` properties to describe to `Mapbox-gl-path` how to build a feature collection, automatic Points will be added:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the lineString does not contains `path` and `point` properties to describe how to build a feature collection, automatic `Points` will be added:
```

- If the first and last point have the same coordinate, the lineString is considered to be looped so one point will be placed at that coordinate and two others will be placed at equal distance from each other.

> - Otherwise, two points should be added to the edges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Otherwise, two points will be added to the edges.
```

If `featureCollection` parameter is set, this `lineString` parameter is ignored.

#### `themeSelectionType` - ThemeSelectionType | undefined

```ts
type ThemeSelectionType = "select" | "radioList";
```

> Determines the UI for theme selection. Default set to `radioList`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Determines the HTML element for theme selection. Default set to `radioList`.
```

#### `translate` - Function | undefined;

> A function to provide locales. The default language is English (See [src/i18n.js](https://github.com/makinacorpus/mapbox-gl-path/blob/master/src/i18n.ts)).

Reviewer: You should add description of function parameters and may be where we can found the string to translate ?

Author: The link to default locales is not enough? Maybe i can add them

Reviewer: No no, my bad, I didn't see the link.

#### `useRightClickToHandleActionPanel` - boolean | undefined;

Boolean to use right or left mouse click to open the action panel. Default value is `false` (so left click).

### Methods

#### clearFeatureCollection

Clears the paths from the map.

#### getFeatureCollection

Get the current FeatureCollection drawn.
Returns `GeoJSON.FeatureCollection<GeoJSON.Geometry>`

#### getLineString

> Get the current drawn FeatureCollection drawn and concatenates the collection as a LineString. The `properties` will contain `path` and `point` element to describe to `Mapbox-gl-path` how to reconstruct the feature collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get the current drawn FeatureCollection drawn and concatenates the collection as a LineString. The `properties` returned contains `path` and `point` element to describe to `Mapbox-gl-path` that helps to reconstruct the feature collection.
```

> Get the current drawn FeatureCollection drawn and concatenates the collection as a LineString. The `properties` will contain `path` and `point` element to describe to `Mapbox-gl-path` how to reconstruct the feature collection.

Author: ```suggestion
Get the current drawn FeatureCollection and concatenates the collection as a LineString. The `properties` contain `path` and `point` elements that helps `Mapbox-gl-path` reconstruct the feature collection.
```

Returns `Feature<LineString>`

#### setFeatureCollection

Parameter: `GeoJSON.FeatureCollection<GeoJSON.Geometry>`

> The `featureCollection` includes features that could be of type `Point` or `Linestring`.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `featureCollection` includes features that can be of type `Point` or `Linestring`.  
```

A `Linestring` can be a line between points or a phantom junction line (the latter must have a `isPhantomJunction` properties equals to `true`).

#### setLineString

Parameter: `GeoJSON.Feature<LineString>`

It draws the lineString on the map.  

> If the lineString does not contains `path` and `point` properties to describe to `Mapbox-gl-path` how to build a feature collection, automatic Points will be added :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the lineString does not contains `path` and `point` properties to describe how to build a feature collection, automatic Points will be added :
```

- If the first and last point have the same coordinate, the lineString is considered to be looped so one point will be placed at that coordinate and two others will be placed at equal distance from each other.

> - Otherwise, two points should be added to the edges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Otherwise, two points are added to the edges.
```

> - Otherwise, two points should be added to the edges.

Author: ```suggestion
- Otherwise, two points will be added to the edges.
```
To be consistent with this review https://github.com/makinacorpus/mapbox-gl-path/pull/30/files#r642286074

#### setLoopTrail

> It will draw the path between the last point and the first point. This is not applied if the number of Points is less than 3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It will draw the path between the last point and the first point only if point count is greater than 3.
```
